Objective: The objective of this game is to explore the mansion looking for clues that will point to who committed the murder, 
what weapon s/he used, and in what room the murder occured. Make guesses as frequently as possible to be able to narrow down 
your options. When you believe you have solved the mystery, make your accusation, and if you're correct, you win the game.

Rules: When making guesses, the weapons that you can choose are limited only to those that you are holding in your inventory, 
and the room that you will guess is automatically set to your current location. You cannot make a guess if you have no weapons
in your inventory and/or you are either outside or in the corridor (you must be in one of the main nine rooms).

Commands: Here is a guide on all of the commands in this game and how to use them:

Go: use this to travel between rooms. Valid words to be used with this command
are 'north', 'south', 'east', and 'west'. If you omit one of these words and type
'go' on its own, this command will fail.

Take: use this to pick up a weapon if you find one in a room. To use this command, 
type 'take' followed by the name of the weapon. If you type the name of a weapon that 
is not currently in the room (or is already in your inventory), this command will fail.

Examine: use this to print the description of a weapon. Just type 'examine' followed by the 
name of the weapon. You may only use this command on a weapon that is currently in your inventory.

Look: use this to reprint the description of your current location. To do this,
type the word 'look' on its own. Do not input anything else or this command will fail.

Read: use this command to read your map. Type the word 'read' followed by the word 'map'.
This command word is invalid on its own or with any object other than your map.

Inventory: use this command to view a listing of the weapons that are currently in your inventory.
Type the word 'inventory' on its own or else this command will fail.

Guess: use this command to make a guess as to what the crime situation might be. Type
'guess' on its own to initiate the command. The guessing process will require you to
input the name of your suspect and a weapon that is in your inventory (the guess for your
room will be automatically set to your current location at the time of making a guess).

Solve: use this command to make a binding accusation as to who you believe commited the
murder, in what room, and with what weapon. Do not do this unless you are absolutely sure
you want to. If you're wrong, you lose the game: no take backs allowed!!
Type the word 'solve' on its own to initiate this command. The guessing process will
require you to input the name of your suspect, weapon, and room. Further assistance will
be provided during the accusation process if necessary.

Help: well obviously you SHOULD know how to use this command, since you are reading this
help guide!! But just in case you forgot, simply type 'help' at any time that command
inputs are allowed and you will be taken to this guide (I hope this guide has been helpful
so far!!).

Quit: if you wish to quit the game for some reason, just type 'quit' at any time and the game will end.